# Decorator
## active window
window.active.title.bg                  : flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color            : #292d3e
window.active.border.color              : #292d3e

## inactive window
window.inactive.title.bg                : flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color          : #292d3e
window.active.border.color              : #292d3e
window.*.label.text.color               : #a6accd

# Borders
window.handle.width                     : 0
window.client.padding.width             : 0
border.width                            : 3

# Title
padding.width                           : 10
padding.height                          : 8
window.*.title.bg                       : Solid Flat
window.*.*.bg                           : Parentrelative
window.label.text.justify               : center

# Menu
menu.border.width                       : 1
menu.separator.width                    : 2
menu.separator.padding.width            : 10
menu.separator.padding.height           : 2
menu.overlap.x                          : -8
menu.*.bg                               : flat solid
menu.*.bg.color                         : #292d3e
menu.*.color                            : #4c566a
menu.title.text.color                   : #a6accd
menu.items.text.color                   : #a6accd
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color   : #707070
menu.items.active.text.color            : #292d3e
menu.title.text.justify                 : center
menu.items.active.bg.color              : #5294e2

# OSD
osd.*.color                             : #a6accd
osd.border.width                        : 1
osd.border.color                        : #3b4252
osd.bg                                  : flat solid
osd.bg.color                            : #292d3e
osd.label.bg                            : flat solid
osd.label.bg.color                      : #292d3e
osd.hilight.bg                          : flat solid 
osd.hilight.bg.color                    : #5e81ac

# Colour Trick
window.*.button.*.image.color           : #88c0d0
window.active.button.*.unpressed.image.color: #a6accd
window.inactive.button.*.unpressed.image.color: #a6accd

window.active.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #bf616a
window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #bf616a

